Hello everyone, the fourth issue is ours.
headings shaft piper play today we
look at the 7 wallpapers that I chose
for you and here are the first wallpapers called
sunrise and that's what they present themselves
that is, it is the sunrise we see
some desert such dunes there mountains
after all from a bird still here and move
own clouds can and when
welcome screens change a little
landscape and here's the sun so that's playing and
one can see his refractions like that
live wallpaper called sunrise second
live wallpaper called christmas hd soon
christmas this wallpaper made specially
for that so here we can leaf through
here we see
Apparently type letter Santa Claus we
we can leave a note here like this
hot chocolate or how much do we have
then there is a book about the type but
draw slots under we push the flowers
waving flashing lights can be like this
here shaky socks in which supposedly
Santa Claus wears
needs and gifts here so that's still there
beautiful Christmas trees that can be tattered and
these are the ball and these are the living
the wallpaper is very beautiful bright and in front
atmosphere of christmas and new year
they are called christmas hd next
live wallpaper is also a winter theme i
I thought that all the same soon the new year
it tried to pick those bigger
winter wallpaper they are called winters on y
cartoon
that is, and cartoons such are wallpapers
become such a beautiful pretty little hut and
there is a snowman all the other snowman
they are waving us fun hands
these are live wallpapers
as they are not smoothly scrolling also here
still so here we do sometime
supposedly this is how throws snow from the roof here
such here live wallpapers are in principle very
beautiful and pleasant and called winter
snow map and live wallpaper again
dedicated to such a New Year
Christmas theme they are called
christmas vm live wallpaper
tutitu is such a dude who looks in
telescope
worn on the roof fall snowflakes such
here's an early winter morning it's snowing and
the sun is shining and the drama is transmitted such
atmosphere
frost and right so immediately becomes
nice soul and tune in
holiday atmosphere
here are such live wallpapers let's
move on to the next live wallpaper
will appeal to lovers of 8-bit games and
minecraft and the like then such
live wallpapers are made in excel on the chart
here all pixel pixel sky
pixel mountains
pixel houses pixel men and
even pixel deer that are being brought in
sledding pixel gifts in general if
you have there super duper retina screen not
I know the foul clothes and they are not directly visible
pixels is put here these here and Doboj
you all pixels immediately see yourself on
the screen
Here are such live wallpapers I think can
be someone not like
The next live wallpaper is autumn and winter but
I really liked them all
beautifully implemented sitting here such
girl on a twig fly and maple leaves
that's about it, it is all very warm
made visible so wind blows and hair
fluttering and so on here such here
very beautiful bright live wallpaper
I really liked them they are called
sweet spot live wallpaper
latest live wallpapers to call the dream book
fx itself and you see here the nexus icons and
fall from above and creates such a matrix to
Sorry in the face does not scroll through
fixed on screen but in general for points
nix very similar to snowflakes and here
such is this nexus its
Christmas and New Year's are here
live wallpaper remind again the name
nexus matrix they are called well and i
I will finish on this issue all big
Thank you for your attention with you was the fourth
release walter subscribe
comment like our issue write
what wallpaper did you like best
in the comments all bye